5.2 DataNode Readme fixes (#263)
Graylog2/graylog-docker: docker/datanode/README.md

### Environment Variables

| Variable | Default | Required | Description                                                                             |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `GRAYLOG_DATANODE_PASSWORD_SECRET` | none | yes | Password secret to seed secret storage. Has to be the same secret as the graylog secret |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `GRAYLOG_DATANODE_PASSWORD_SECRET` | none | yes | Password secret to seed secret storage. Must be the same value as the `password_secret` in the Graylog server configuration. |
```

| `GRAYLOG_DATANODE_ROOT_PASSWORD_SHA2` | none | yes | Password hash for the root user.                                                        |
| `GRAYLOG_DATANODE_ROOT_USERNAME` | `admin` | yes | Name of the root user.                                                                  |
| `GRAYLOG_DATANODE_MONGODB_URI` | none | yes | URI to the MongoDB instance and database.                                               |
| `GRAYLOG_DATANODE_DATA_DIR` | `/var/lib/graylog-datanode` | no | The data root directory. (e.g., OpenSearch data)                                        |
| `GRAYLOG_DATANODE_NODE_NAME` | container hostname | no | The OpenSearch node name.                                                               |

> | `GRAYLOG_DATANODE_OPENSEARCH_DISCOVERY_SEED_HOSTS` | none | no | tbd                                                                                     |

Author: that's (not)IntelliJ
